hello my name is nikita blacksmiths and
in this video we will tell you
about how to download free games without
jailbreak on your iphone or ipad
so for this we need to go to
our browser
Next, go to the site oh hyphen fan
boxing com
further you will transfer to this site so he
Looks like a reference will be in the description below
we click on the download for button
windows throws us in the window where
we must choose an operating system
for our computer or even
mobile device it may be
iphone ipad
education mac or windows theme
dojima finally on a person's him
windows and we choose this second one
want beta select ps i’ll remove
new 0 select the file the file format which
our will be downloaded
our program fan box and I love where
so I choose the ax we download
file and then we will need it
open further we need to install
iphone boxing program on our computer and
oh how see you we installed the program
iphone box and now we have it
run and eat on your desktop
next we need to connect our
ipad or iphone to usb cable
after that we need to go again
same browser reference 2 which will be
10 descriptions for this example, we download
game captain america which costs 99
rubles in the appstore click download and
the program will be downloaded
after which we should not open this
file we just have to put it on our
desktop for this turn
downloads are looking for this file, it will
download then drag it to
Desktop
now go to the iphone program
box we select our device and ipad and
we press the appstore application on the button
install the application water and daddy
remove our file captain america
as we see on our screen
it shows that the program is captain
America is successfully installed on our iPad
and as we see on ipad this program
also appeared a good game
and with you was Nikita blacksmiths if you
I liked this video
like and subscribe to our
youtube channel also do not forget
join our group vkontakte and
follow me on twitter
all good luck new meetings see you
video all bye